Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-09-26T12:52:31+01:00

====== Session 1 ======
Created Thursday 26 September 2019

DM Account:

23:17, 26th of Pomaire 1292 AF

The story begins with our band having compelted their set at the Mended net, in the town of Saltmarsh. They have the company of an old poacher, who relates to them an account of their foray into a haunted mansion 4 miles down the coast road.

After considering the robbery of one Saebald Wealhhelm, artist, but opting against it, the band set off that very moment to the haunted mansion, with the intention of establishing a place to practice, their previous performances having earned them expulsion from the more lucrative venues in town.

Micky is first through the gates, approaching an old well that lies before the mansion. Peering into the depths of the well, he disturbs a pair of giant venomous snakes, that surprise and greivously wound him.

Despite Ssolid imploring them to not hurt the snakes, Maxius kills one by flinging it against the garden wall with immense force, and Micky dispatches another with his axe. The bodies are bundled into the well, on top of a scattered glinting of silver. 

Proceeding inside the house, the band proceeds upstairs and notes a set of footprints. Following them carefully, they proceed along the balcony overlooking the entrance hall and along a corridor to the end of the north wing of the building, where they find a collapsed stairway leading down to the kitchen, as well as a ladder to the attic.

Proceeding to the attic, the band notes a hooded lantern left on the windowsill looking out to sea. The roof has rotted away in places, and a brisk sea wind blows in through the gaps.

Noting a pile of sacks at the far end of the attic, Ssolid fears that they may contain further snakes that are at risk. As he rushes to secure their safety from the rest of the party, a nest of Big Mosquitoes (ed.) descends on the party as it is strung out through the attic.

These are, as the snakes were, despatched, being variously melted, exploded, insulted, and neatly cloven to death. The sacks prove to be empty save for a creepy porcelaine doll clad as a sailor, with green glassy eyes. Not wanting the doll for himself, Ssolid offers it to Micky who accepts it, believing it to have potential as a muse.

Proceeding back down the ladder, the band lower a rope to the kitchen, which Micky uses to decend. As his feet touch the floor boards, a swarm of giant centipedes boils forth. Micky kills three instantly, the fourth being shot at inaccurately. 

Velvetine tries to learn what lies in the mind of a giant centipede, detecting the thoughts of the sole survivor, however either through panic or primitiveness only a keeningscreeching can be percieved.

Having learned nothing of the inner psychological life of giant centipedes, the subject is killed by Micky. 

Real date: 23/9/2019
DM: The Grand Duke of Sassenach
Players: James (Micky the Immortal), Eliot (Velvetine Cockgobbler), Thomas (Ssolid), Joe (Maxius Dullala)
